Failure is enriching. It's also important to accept that you'll make mistakes—it's how you build your expertise. The trick is to learn a positive lesson from all of life's negative moments.
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes—understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.
Just because you fail once doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.
I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustrations were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy.
You have to be able to accept failure to get better.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Failure is the foundation of success, and the means by which it is achieved.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising every time we fail.
Negative results are just what I want. They're just as valuable to me as positive results. I can never find the thing that does the job best until I find the ones that don't.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
There's always failure. And there's always disappointment. And there's always loss. But the secret is learning from the loss, and realizing that none of those holes are vacuums.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With positive mental attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
If you try to be anyone but yourself, you will fail; if you are not true to your own heart, you will fail. Then again, there's no success like failure.
I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what you're good at.
Any man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want right now.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
You have committed a double mistake, firstly by not keeping the engagement yesterday and secondly, by coming when you were not expected.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Don't be afraid to fail. Don't waste energy trying to cover up failure. Learn from your failures and go on to the next challenge. It's ok to fail. If you're not failing, you're not growing.
My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
I thank God for my failures. Maybe not at the time but after some reflection. I never feel like a failure just because something I tried has failed.
Life is full of screwups. You're supposed to fail sometimes. It's a required part of the human existance.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of a greater or equal benefit.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
The wise say that our failure is to form habits: for habit is the mark of a stereotyped world.
Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
Failing to prepare is preparing to fail.
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.