The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized - never knowing.
Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom.
The simple practice of hesitation helps you stop reacting blindly to everything that happens.
Make up your mind to act decidedly and take the consequences. No good is ever done in this world by hesitation.
Without doubt, you are recognized for the last role you played.
If you hesitate, some bolder hand will stretch out before you and get the prize.
Doubt your doubts before you doubt your beliefs.
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.
Never hesitate to ask a lesser person.
Never hesitate to hold out your hand; never hesitate to accept the outstretched hand of another.
Hesitation will get you killed.
Whenever man begins to doubt himself, he does something so stupid that he is reassured.
You can tell when something's not moving forward anymore. When the doubts you have about it don't go away.
When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
Never hesitate to steal a good idea.
Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.
Doubt must be no more than vigilance, otherwise it can become dangerous.
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.
Doubt is the father of invention.
When you doubt, abstain.
The more you hesitate in a game, the more your chance of getting hit. Your focus isn't there. When you hesitate, usually you're in trouble.
Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise.
He who hesitates is poor.
Second thoughts oftentimes are the very worst of all thoughts.
In this world second thoughts, it seems, are best.
Doubt is not the opposite of faith; it is one element of faith.
Hesitation is the best cure for anger. The first blows of anger are heavy, but if it waits, it will think again.
Hesitation only enlarges, magnifies the fear. Take action promptly. Be decisive.
Doubt begins only at the last frontiers of what is possible.
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it.
On the plains of hesitation bleach the bones of countless millions who, at the dawn of decision, sat down to wait, and waiting died.
Doubt is the brother of shame.
The worst part is doubt. When you doubt yourself, which we are taught to do, you get lost.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
Doubt is the middle position between knowledge and ignorance. It encompasses cynicism but also genuine questioning.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone.
Hesitation of any kind is a sign of mental decay in the young, of physical weakness in the old.
Your doubts are generated by fear, and fear is a series of distorted thoughts.
Doubt comes in at the window when inquiry is denied at the door.
There must be a reason why people hesitate; uncertainty is one, no courage another.
When in doubt, use brute force.
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, 'It might have been'.
If in doubt, don't. If still in doubt, do what's right.
You should never hesitate to trade your cow for a handful of magic beans.
When you start to doubt yourself the real world will eat you alive.
Doubt grows with knowledge.